Python scripts and seed data to create random test data
This is randomly generated PII, that is designed to be invalid or at least have a very low probability of being valid

Randomly created PPI
1.	Name
2.	Address
3.	Phone Number
4.	Date of Birth (DoB)
5.	Social Security Number (SSN)
6.	Credit Card Number (CCN)
a.	With CVC and Expiration Date
7.	Email
8.	Password
  
ChatGPT was used to obtain a list of common street and city names in the United States.
It was also used to obtain a list of random ZIP codes, including both five digit and five plus four format. An address is generated by generating a random street number, a random city name, a random state, and then a random randomly selected zip code.  I consider this an acceptable method for having a low probably of producing a valid, existing address.
 
Phone numbers are generated from a randomly selected area code, and two blocks of random numbers, one three digit, the other 4 digits.  Given the large number of valid phone numbers in the wild, the odds of producing a valid phone number are likely larger than a valid address.  The odds of producing a valid phone number that matches a randomly selected name and/or address is much lower.
 
All the randomly selected birth dates are between 1700 and 1907.  The set of people currently alive in the United States that meet that criteria should be very small.
 
The social security numbers generated are all invalid according to the rules published at 
https://secure.ssa.gov/poms.nsf/lnx/0110201035
 
The Credit Card Numbers, CVC numbers and expiration dates are all generated randomly. The odds of producing a valid trio should be quite small.  The years for the expiration dates range from 29 to 35, which also should reduce the odds of producing a valid combination.
 
Email address are generated by selecting a random first or last name (same list used to generate random names), then adding a random word (a list of randomly selected words from https://www.mit.edu/~ecprice/wordlist.10000), and then adding a random number.   Then a randomly selected email provider is added. Passwords are generated in a similar manner.  
